Gateway API: support backend appProtocol (#5934)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/5934-izturn-minor.md

> ## Backend Protocol Selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gateway API Backend Protocol Selection
```

> Contour now enables end-users to specify backend protocols by setting the backend Service's [ServicePort.AppProtocol](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#application-protocol) parameter. The accepted values for it is `kubernetes.io/h2c`. It's important to note that the `kubernetes.io/ws` is enabled default for `GatewayAPI`, If `AppProtocol` is set, any other configurations, such as the annotation: `projectcontour.io/upstream-protocol.{protocol}` will be disregarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Gateway API, Contour now enables end-users to specify backend protocols by setting the backend Service's [ServicePort.AppProtocol](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#application-protocol) parameter. The accepted values are `kubernetes.io/h2c` and `kubernetes.io/ws`. Note that websocket upgrades are already enabled by default for Gateway API. If `AppProtocol` is set, any other configurations, such as the annotation: `projectcontour.io/upstream-protocol.{protocol}` will be disregarded.
```
